Loaded plugins: fastestmirror
Available Packages
Name       : cyrus-imapd
Arch       : i386
Version    : 2.3.7
Release    : 7.el5_4.3
Size       : 13 M
Repo       : updates
Summary    : A high-performance mail server with IMAP, POP3, NNTP and SIEVE
           : support
URL        : http://asg.web.cmu.edu/cyrus/imapd/
License    : BSD
Description: The cyrus-imapd package contains the core of the Cyrus IMAP server.
           : It is a scaleable enterprise mail system designed for use from
           : small to large enterprise environments using standards-based
           : internet mail technologies.
           : 
           : A full Cyrus IMAP implementation allows a seamless mail and
           : bulletin board environment to be set up across multiple servers. It
           : differs from other IMAP server implementations in that it is run on
           : "sealed" servers, where users are not normally permitted to log in
           : and have no system account on the server. The mailbox database is
           : stored in parts of the filesystem that are private to the Cyrus
           : IMAP server. All user access to mail is through software using the
           : IMAP, POP3 or KPOP protocols. It also includes support for virtual
           : domains, NNTP, mailbox annotations, and much more. The private
           : mailbox database design gives the server large advantages in
           : efficiency, scalability and administratability. Multiple concurrent
           : read/write connections to the same mailbox are permitted. The
           : server supports access control lists on mailboxes and storage
           : quotas on mailbox hierarchies.
           : 
           : The Cyrus IMAP server supports the IMAP4rev1 protocol described
           : in RFC 3501. IMAP4rev1 has been approved as a proposed standard.
           : It supports any authentication mechanism available from the SASL
           : library, imaps/pop3s/nntps (IMAP/POP3/NNTP encrypted using SSL and
           : TLSv1) can be used for security. The server supports single
           : instance store where possible when an email message is addressed to
           : multiple recipients, SIEVE provides server side email filtering.

